---
layout: post
title: "How to get the best hotel deals"
date: 2016-04-02
author: jalen
image: image-slider-2.jpg
---

The previous post, I shared about how I try to get good flight deals. This one is on how I attempt to get the best room deals in Los Angeles.

1. TripAdvisor - My first stop is here as it aggregates a few hotel search engines like Agoda.com, booking.com and hotels.com to give you the best deals. Some credit cards also give you extra discounts on particular travel search engine. For example, CIMB Cash Rebate MasterCard offers 7% off with an additional 5% cash rebate for agoda.com and 10% off with an additional 5% cash rebate for expedia.com. Hotels.com gives you a free room for every ten rooms you book from the site. Check out trivago.com too.
2. The hotel website - I verify the price from these sites with the one at the hotel website. Sometimes the hotel website offers rooms that are not sold in these search engines. 
3. hotwire.com or lastminute.com  - These sites sell anonymous hotels at a heavily discounted price. You get to select the geographical area where you want to stay and the star level of your hotel. The hotel will only be revealed after you book. For example, I jot down the rates for a typical 2 star hotel in the Hollywood area.
4. priceline.com - Then I go to priceline.com’s Name Your Price Negotiator and bid for 2 star hotels for about 70% of the price quoted by Hotwire. I may or may not get the room for the price I bid. 
5. yapta.com - Track the hotel price with yapta.com. If the price falls below the purchase price, you can ask for a refund.
6. Airbnb - Don’t forget Airbnb. In the end, I booked a room in Airbnb because I cannot find a decent hotel room in Hollywood for $67/night in Hollywood for my dates.
7. hostelbookers.com - For those travelling on a budget, check out the hostel-booking sites.
8. https://www.couchsurfing.com/ - This site allows you to find couches or rooms of locals and stay for free. Can’t beat that! 

As usual, let me know if you have other tips to get good deals on accommodation.
